Update vignettes (#156)
ropenscilabs/tic: vignettes/build-lifecycle.Rmd

## Stages

CI services run builds in stages.
Stages are ususally ordered as follows:

```{r, echo = FALSE, fig.align='center', dpi = 50}
knitr::include_graphics("img/build-lifecycle.png")
```

The `after_xxx` stages are executed conditionally after their corresponding `xxx` stage.
For example, the `after_deploy` stage will only be run if the `deploy` stage was run before.
The `after_success` stage will only be run if the `script` stage executed successfully, i.e. without error; otherwise `after_failure` will be run instead.

*tic* also employs an approach based on stages.
All action specifications that should be run in each stage are defined in the `tic.R` file.
The steps are specified in an CI-agnostic way using R syntax.
A large part of the `.travis.yml` file consists of glue code and is not meant to be edited anymore.

```yml
# DO NOT CHANGE THE CODE BELOW
before_install:
  - R -q -e 'if (!requireNamespace("remotes", quietly = TRUE)) install.packages("remotes")'
  - R -q -e 'if (getRversion() < "3.2" && !requireNamespace("curl", quietly = TRUE)) install.packages("curl")'

>   - R -q -e 'remotes::install_github("ropenscilabs/tic"); tic::prepare_all_stages()'

Reviewer: The new template installs from CRAN.

In a nutshell, the workflow is as follows:

`.travis.yml`/`appveyor.yml` -> `tic.R` -> commands/steps to execute

> An important point to note: The R code declared in `tic.R` is not meant to be run manually.

Reviewer: We now can run the code manually for troubleshooting purposes, in addition to `dsl_load()` . Can you add a section describing this workflow?

Author: You mean an example of `run_all_stages()`?

  add_step(step_build_pkgdown())
```

In the code example above `step_build_pkgdown()` is added to the `"deploy"` stage and subsequently only run in this stage.
More steps that should be run in this stage could just by piped after `add_step(step_build_pkgdown())`.
So in summary, steps are usually defined using two nested commands: `add_step()` and the corresponding step, here `step_build_pkgdown()`.

> Here is a list that shows a rought grouping of the steps into their default stages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a list that shows a rough grouping of the steps into their default stages:
```

    - `commit_message`: the commit message, will by default contain `[ci skip]` to avoid a loop, and useful information related to the CI run
    - `commit_paths`: Which path(s) to commit. Useful to only commit single files that have changed during the CI run.
    
## Macros

Macros in *tic* are combinations of steps for reoccurring workflows to keep `tic.R` tidy.

> In other words, a combination of stages and steps which are used very often to provide the user a shortcut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a macro is invoked, it defines several steps, which are added to stages where they fit best.
Macros can have parameters to control the behavior of their constituent steps.

```

The macro function `do_package_checks()` comes with the most important steps that are needed for R package checking. 
It adds the following steps:

1. `step_rcmdcheck()` in the `"script"` stage, using the `error_on`, `args`, `build_args`, `repos` and `timeout` arguments.

2. A call to `covr::codecov()` in the `"after_success"` stage.

If you manually add these steps to stages in `tic.R` while `do_package_checks()` is still present, the steps will be executed twice. 

Macros do not need to include steps across stages, they can also just cover a sequence of steps of a single stage.

Macros can be distinguished from other functions by their `do_` prefix.

> If you have a good use case for a macro, let us know by opening an [issue](https://github.com/ropenscilabs/tic/issues).

Reviewer: Point to `do_pkgdown()` and `do_bookdown()` here?
